The President:
Thank you all.
It's a great honor, and
thank our Vice President
for being here.
Thank you.
Ivanka Trump, thank you
for being here,
and we have a great group behind
us, incredible people.
Some of you are very good
friends for a long time.
Good afternoon.
It's an honor to be with
you; the men and women
of law enforcement, as well
as two fantastic state
attorneys general who are
always proud to stand by
the side of law
enforcement officers.
That's Pam Bondi and
Leslie Rutledge.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to thank also Chuck
Canterbury, president
of the Fraternal Order of
Police and Sheriff
Greg Champagne, president of
the National Sheriffs
Association.
Where are you folks?
(inaudible) How are you?
Male Speaker: Sir, great.
The President: I
appreciate your being here.
Really two great champions
of law enforcement.
We are here today to
reaffirm our unbreakable
support for the American
heroes who keep
our streets, our homes, and
our citizens safe,
and they've been doing an
amazing job under
very adverse conditions.
We will always support the
incredible men and women
of law enforcement.
I can speak very strongly
for myself and for Mike Pence,
our Vice President.
We are behind
you 100 percent.
Every single day America's
law enforcement officers,
firefighters, first
responders, and their
families make tremendous
sacrifices for their
communities and
for their nation.
When a home is threatened,
when danger visits our
doorstep, when innocent
lives are on the line,
Americans turn to their
courageous officers of law
enforcement because we
know they are here
to serve and to
protect us all.
They sacrifice every
day to keep us safe.
Many have paid the
ultimate price,
laying down their lives to save
others; incredible people.
They're true heroes,
and we will always
be grateful, so I want
to thank you folks.
That is so true.
Our duty as Americans is
to honor their service
and sacrifice and to protect
those who protect us.
Today I am proud to sign
two laws to help fulfill
that very, very
sacred commitment.
First, the Public Safety
Officers Benefits
Improvement Act will help
disabled officers
and firefighters and families
of those who fall
in the line of duty quickly
receive all of the benefits
they so justly deserve.
People have wanted this
for a long time,
and I'm not just talking the
people behind me.
I'm talking about many
people that represent
the people behind me: family
members and friends,
and people that just
appreciate the work they
do, which is incredible.
For too long injured
officers have suffered
and the children of fallen
officers have put their dreams
of college on hold,
while bureaucracy
delayed crucial benefits, made
it impossible
for their families.
No longer.
It's unacceptable, and
it's going to end today.
In fact, it's going to
end in about one minute.
This bill speeds approval
times by giving state
and local enforcement
a greater role in
determining eligibility
and lets applicants track
the progress of
their claims online.
So a much, much
faster situation.
You're all
happy with that?
You know what I'm
talking about, right?
Audience: Yes, sir.
The President: You've
been waiting for this for years.
Second, the American Law
Enforcement Heroes Act
allows the use of federal
grants to help
our military veterans
transition to new careers
in law enforcement.
America is proud of our
veterans, and I think
I can say a double proud
or a triple proud.
We love our veterans, and
they're serving overseas,
they're in harm's way, and
they are doing things
that very few people would have
the courage to do, and we will
be and always will be
incredibly proud to have
them with us, and they've
been with us like nobody,
and we are going to
be protecting them.
They've been
protecting us.
We're going to be
helping them right now.
They've really been with
us, in terms of freedom,
in terms of our rights,
and we're right now,
in terms of their rights.
As president, keeping
Americans safe
is my highest duty, and
supporting law enforcement
is my unwavering
commitment.
I am very proud to sign
these two great bills today.
I want to thank everybody
for being here,
and if you have the bills,
we'll sign them.
This has been years in the
making, and I will tell you
that this is something
that I'm very happy to be doing.
So, congratulations, everybody.
Congratulations.
Audience: Thank
you, Mr. President.
President Trump: This act
may be cited
as the Public Safety Officers
Benefits Improvement Act
of 2017.
Please spread it around.
(applause)
Congratulations.
That's a big one, right?
And this is, as you know,
let it be an act
of the United States House.
This act reviews the
American Law Enforcement
Heroes Act, and
that's what it is.
You're heroes, and so I
want to just congratulate you.
This one also has been a
long time in the making.
You're all heroes,
aren't you, I think?
Audience: They sure
are (inaudible)
The President: Yes?
That is fantastic.
Who gets this pen, Mike?
Vice President Pence:
Who gets this pen?
The President:
(laughs) Okay.
(applause)
Thank you very
much everybody.
This is slightly less
controversial
then yesterday --
(laughter)
-- but yesterday was a big
service to this country,
I will tell you.
Thank you very
much everybody.